hello together I'll show you now
the sky go website with him
different offers from sky online
see for example bundesliga
champions league so sport in itself or
even the latest movies or series and
so on I'll show you that now always
with me on the laptop
For this he would simply have to webbrowser
open and go to sky go
I have that here already
then the idea has the home page
the page and then have to be here too
then log in the skater first
you automatically get an account
conclusion of a contract
So as I said if you now to
example bundesliga then want to look
close your bundesliga bundesliga
contract and then automatically
the opportunity to use
For that he is concerned with password and
your username on the homepage and
log in
I have already done that and
then just go to sport then
now had the opportunity here to
choose and for example football england
premier league football bundesliga
conference golf european tour
Here you have to say that then
always on the packages arrives the one at
booked sky means if you for example
only the Bundesliga package has the
not possible now
the english premier league itself
to watch or the golf tournament
You would then need to be under one
other package for example then that
premium package I have my case now
posted here the bundesliga package and
then go here on the times
possibility of bundesliga saturday
conference and click on it
and then it continues now
and then I can strengthen here now
select start the video and then
is now first a location check
made system is the
authorization-
and then we see we are already
also online and then the
to follow the conference of the Bundesliga
the quality is very good the picture is
most of the time razor-sharp and and
is actually a very comfortable way and
The Bundesliga is then
to watch even if you're on the road
because the sky go website is there too
for the mobile as a sky go app what really
a very practical thing is good then
I wish you much fun